Samuel Johnson 's Dictionary, appeared with, far reaching effects on Modern English, dimension:Highlight, type:geography, date:1755, origin:After nine years' effort, Samuel Johnson's A Dictionary of the English Language appeared in 1755, with far-reaching effects on Modern English.
Samuel Johnson, was, Until arrival of Oxford English Dictionary 150 years later pre-eminent English dictionary, dimension:Highlight, type:geography, date:150 years later, origin:Until the arrival of the Oxford English Dictionary 150 years later, Samuel Johnson's was the pre-eminent English dictionary.
Samuel Johnson, described in, Journey to Western Islands of Scotland, dimension:Highlight, type:geography, date:1763, origin:In 1763 Walter Jackson Bate befriended James Boswell, with whom Walter Jackson Bate later travelled to Scotland, as Samuel Johnson described in A Journey to the Western Islands of Scotland.
Samuel Johnson, was, born on 18 September 1709 to Sarah n¨¦e Ford, dimension:Life and career, type:geography, date:18 September 1709, origin:Samuel Johnson was born on 18 September 1709, to Sarah (n¨¦e Ford) and Michael Johnson, a bookseller.
Samuel Johnson, had memorise, passages from Book of Common Prayer, dimension:Life and career, type:geography, date:the age of three, origin:Samuel Johnson education began at the age of three, and was provided by Samuel Johnson mother, who had Samuel Johnson memorise and recite passages from the Book of Common Prayer.
Samuel Johnson, year later went to, Lichfield Grammar School, dimension:Life and career, type:geography, date:A year later, origin:A year later Samuel Johnson went to Lichfield Grammar School, where Samuel Johnson excelled in Latin.
Samuel Johnson, stayed with, Samuel Johnson cousins, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:the age of 16, origin:At the age of 16, Samuel Johnson stayed with Samuel Johnson cousins, the Fords, at Pedmore, Worcestershire.
Samuel Johnson, entered Pembroke College, after Samuel Johnson turned, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:31 October 1728, origin:On 31 October 1728, a few weeks after Samuel Johnson turned 19, Samuel Johnson entered Pembroke College, Oxford.
Samuel Johnson, produce, Latin translation of Alexander Pope 's Messiah, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:Christmas, origin:Samuel Johnson tutor asked Samuel Johnson to produce a Latin translation of Alexander Pope's Messiah as a Christmas exercise.
Samuel Johnson, was awarded doctorate by, Trinity College Dublin, dimension:Life and career, type:geography, date:1765, origin:Samuel Johnson was awarded an honorary doctorate in 1765 by Trinity College Dublin and in 1775 by the University of Oxford.
Samuel Johnson, toured college with, Samuel Johnson former tutor Adams, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:1776, origin:In 1776 Samuel Johnson returned to Pembroke with Boswell and toured the college with Samuel Johnson former tutor Adams, who by then was the Master of the college.
Johnson, has, Voyage to Abyssinia, dimension:Life and career, type:geography, date:February 1734, origin:Johnson's A Voyage to Abyssinia returned to Lichfield in February 1734, and began an annotated edition of Poliziano's Latin poems, along with a history of Latin poetry from Petrarch to Poliziano; a Proposal was soon printed, but a lack of funds halted the project.
Samuel Johnson, remained with, Samuel Johnson close friend Harry Porter, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:3 September 1734, origin:Samuel Johnson remained with Samuel Johnson close friend Harry Porter during a terminal illness, which ended in Porter's death on 3 September 1734.
Samuel Johnson, court, Porter 's wife, dimension:Life and career, type:geography, date:Some months later, origin:Some months later, Samuel Johnson began to court Porter's wife Elizabeth (n¨¦e Jervis)
Samuel Johnson, had applied, while working as tutor for children of Thomas Whitby, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:June 1735, origin:In June 1735, while working as a tutor for the children of Thomas Whitby, a local Staffordshire gentleman, Samuel Johnson had applied for the position of headmaster at Solihull School.
Samuel Johnson, opened Edial Hall School as, private academy at Edial, dimension:Life and career, type:geography, date:the autumn of 1735, origin:In the autumn of 1735, Samuel Johnson opened Edial Hall School as a private academy at Edial, near Lichfield.
Samuel Johnson, found employment as, writer for Gentleman 's Magazine, dimension:Life and career, type:geography, date:October 1737, origin:In October 1737 Samuel Johnson brought Porter's wife Elizabeth (n¨¦e Jervis) (otherwise known as "Tetty") to London, and Samuel Johnson found employment with Edward Cave as a writer for The Gentleman's Magazine.
Samuel Johnson, has, lack of MA degree from Oxford, dimension:Life and career, type:geography, date:August, origin:In August, Samuel Johnson's lack of an MA degree from Oxford or Cambridge led to Alexander Pope being denied a position as master of the Appleby Grammar School.
Samuel Johnson, befriended, poet Richard Savage, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:Between 1737 and 1739, origin:Between 1737 and 1739, Samuel Johnson befriended poet Richard Savage.
Samuel Johnson 's constant work, disrupted Samuel Johnson For, decade, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:a decade, origin:For a decade, Samuel Johnson's constant work on Johnson's Dictionary disrupted Samuel Johnson and Tetty's living conditions.
Johnson, before, Dictionary, dimension:Life and career, type:geography, date:years, origin:It was years before Johnson's Dictionary, as it came to be known, turned a profit.
Samuel Johnson, told, Samuel Johnson friend, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:the title years later, origin:Explaining the title years later, Samuel Johnson told Samuel Johnson friend, the painter Joshua Reynolds: "I was at a loss how to name it.
Samuel Johnson, was ill during, most of Samuel Johnson time in London, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:1752, origin:Samuel Johnson was ill during most of Samuel Johnson time in London, and in 1752 Samuel Johnson decided to return to the countryside while Samuel Johnson was busy working on Johnson's Dictionary.
Samuel Johnson, wrote letter to, Samuel Johnson old friend Taylor, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:17 March 1752, origin:Samuel Johnson died on 17 March 1752, and, at word of Samuel Johnson death, Samuel Johnson wrote a letter to Samuel Johnson old friend Taylor, which according to Taylor "expressed grief in the strongest manner Samuel Johnson had ever read".
Samuel Johnson, met Arthur Murphy, after Arthur Murphy came to Samuel Johnson about accidental republishing of Rambler No. 190, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:the summer of 1754, origin:Samuel Johnson met Arthur Murphy during the summer of 1754 after Arthur Murphy came to Samuel Johnson about the accidental republishing of the Rambler No. 190, and the two became friends.
Samuel Johnson, began, to work on Literary Magazine, dimension:Life and career, type:geography, date:19 March 1756, origin:To occupy Anna Williams, Samuel Johnson began to work on The Literary Magazine, or Universal Review, the first issue of which was printed on 19 March 1756.
Samuel Johnson 's relationship, is with, Charlotte Lennox, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:these years, origin:Samuel Johnson's relationship with Charlotte Lennox and Charlotte Lennox works was particularly close during these years, and Charlotte Lennox in turn relied so heavily upon Samuel Johnson that Samuel Johnson was "the most important single fact in Charlotte Lennox literary life".
Samuel Johnson, published Samuel Johnson Proposals by, Dramatick Works of William Shakespeare, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:8 June 1756, origin:On 8 June 1756, Samuel Johnson published Samuel Johnson Proposals for Printing, by Subscription, the Dramatick Works of William Shakespeare, which argued that previous editions of William Shakespeare were edited incorrectly and needed to be corrected.
Samuel Johnson, told music historian Charles Burney in, December 1757, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:December 1757, origin:Samuel Johnson's progress on Johnson's work on The Plays of William Shakespeare slowed as the months passed, and Samuel Johnson told music historian Charles Burney in December 1757 that it would take Samuel Johnson until the following March to complete it.
Samuel Johnson, completed, few volumes of William Shakespeare William Shakespeare, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:seven years, origin:Although it took Samuel Johnson another seven years to finish, Samuel Johnson completed a few volumes of William Shakespeare William Shakespeare to prove Samuel Johnson commitment to the project.
Samuel Johnson, publish Samuel Johnson novella Rasselas on, 19 April 1759, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:19 April 1759, origin:Since The Idler did not occupy all Samuel Johnson's time, Samuel Johnson was able to publish Samuel Johnson philosophical novella Rasselas on 19 April 1759.
Samuel Johnson, finish, William ShakespeareWilliam Shakespeare, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:20 July 1762, origin:" The comments soon motivated Samuel Johnson to finish William ShakespeareWilliam Shakespeare, and, after receiving the first payment from a government pension on 20 July 1762, Samuel Johnson was able to dedicate most of Samuel Johnson time towards this goal.
Samuel Johnson 's first major biographer, is in, bookshop of Samuel Johnson 's friend, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:16 May 1763, origin:When Samuel Johnson questioned if an annual pension of ¡ê300 in appreciation for the Dictionary would force Samuel Johnson to promote a political agenda or support various officials, Samuel Johnson was told by Bute that an annual pension of ¡ê300 in appreciation for the Dictionary "is not given you for anything you are to do, but for what you have done".On 16 May 1763, Samuel Johnson first met 22-year-old James Boswell¡ªwho would later become Samuel Johnson's first major biographer¡ªin the bookshop of Samuel Johnson's friend, Tom Davies.
Johnson 's friend, quickly became, although Boswell would return to Boswell home in Scotland, dimension:Life and career, type:geography, date:months, origin:Johnson's friend, Tom Davies quickly became friends, although Boswell would return to Boswell home in Scotland or travel abroad for months at a time.
Samuel Johnson, formed Club Around, spring of 1763, dimension:Life and career, type:geography, date:Around the spring of 1763, origin:Around the spring of 1763, Samuel Johnson formed "The Club", a social group that included Samuel Johnson friends Reynolds, Burke, Garrick, Goldsmith and others (the membership later expanded to include Adam Smith and Edward Gibbon, in addition to Boswell).
Samuel Johnson, sometimes staying at, Thrale 's Anchor Brewery in Southwark, dimension:Life and career, type:geography, date:1781, origin:Afterwards, Samuel Johnson stayed with the Thrales for 17 years until Henry's death in 1781, sometimes staying in rooms at Thrale's Anchor Brewery in Southwark.
Samuel Johnson 's vigorous understanding, threw light, than Samuel Johnson predecessors had done, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:February 1767, origin:Years later, Edmond Malone, an important Shakespearean scholar and friend of Samuel Johnson's, stated that Samuel Johnson's "vigorous and comprehensive understanding threw more light on Samuel Johnson authour than all Samuel Johnson predecessors had done".In February 1767, Samuel Johnson was granted a special audience with the 24-year-old King George III.
Samuel Johnson, visit Samuel Johnson friend as, Samuel Johnson 's 1775 account of western islands of Scotland travels, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:6 August 1773, origin:On 6 August 1773, eleven years after first meeting Boswell, Samuel Johnson set out to visit Samuel Johnson friend in Scotland, and to begin "a journey to the western islands of Scotland", as Samuel Johnson's 1775 account of the western islands of Scotland travels would put it.
Samuel Johnson, save Reverend William Dodd from, execution, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:3 May 1777, origin:On 3 May 1777, while Samuel Johnson was trying to save Reverend William Dodd from execution, Samuel Johnson wrote to Boswell that Samuel Johnson was busy preparing a "little Lives" and "little Prefaces, to a little edition of the English Poets".
Samuel Johnson, was shocked by, death of Levet, dimension:Life and career, type:geography, date:1762, origin:Samuel Johnson was shocked by the death of Levet, who had resided at Samuel Johnson's London home since 1762.
Samuel Johnson, Months later attended church for, final time in Samuel Johnson life, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:6 October 1782, origin:Months later, on 6 October 1782, Samuel Johnson attended church for the final time in Samuel Johnson life, to say goodbye to the residence that Johnson shared with the family.
Samuel Johnson 's poor circulation, resulted in, stroke wrote to Hester Thrale neighbour, dimension:Life and career, type:geography, date:June 1783, origin:On Hester Thrale return, His health began to fail, and Hester Thrale was left alone after Boswell's visit on 29 May 1783.On 17 June 1783, Samuel Johnson's poor circulation resulted in a stroke and Hester Thrale wrote to Hester Thrale neighbour, Edmund Allen, that Hester Thrale had lost the ability to speak.
Samuel Johnson, regained, Samuel Johnson ability, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:two days later, origin:Two doctors were brought in to aid Samuel Johnson; Samuel Johnson regained Samuel Johnson ability to speak two days later.
Samuel Johnson, expressed, desire to die in London, dimension:Life and career, type:geography, date:16 November 1784, origin:With no one to visit, Samuel Johnson expressed a desire to die in London and arrived there on 16 November 1784.
Samuel Johnson, allowed novelist Fanny Burney On, 25 November 1784, dimension:Life and career, type:relation, date:25 November 1784, origin:On 25 November 1784, Samuel Johnson allowed novelist Fanny Burney (the daughter of Charles Burney) to visit Samuel Johnson and expressed an interest to novelist Fanny Burney (the daughter of Charles Burney) that Samuel Johnson should leave London; Samuel Johnson soon left for Islington, to George Strahan's home.
Samuel Johnson, perform Samuel Johnson gesticulations at, threshold of house, dimension:Health, type:relation, date:doorways, origin:There are many similar accounts; in particular, Samuel Johnson was said to "perform Samuel Johnson gesticulations" at the threshold of a house or in doorways.
Samuel Johnson, biography of, Samuel Johnson, dimension:Legacy, type:relation, date:1784, origin:These accounts of Samuel Johnson life include Thomas Tyers's A Biographical Sketch of Dr Samuel Johnson (1784); Boswell's The Journal of a Tour to the Hebrides (1785); Hester Thrale Anecdotes of the Late Samuel Johnson, which drew on entries from Hester Thrale diary and other notes; John Hawkins's Life of Samuel Johnson, the first full-length biography of Samuel Johnson; and, in 1792, Arthur Murphy's An Essay on the Life and Genius of Samuel Johnson, which replaced Hawkins's biography as the introduction to a collection of Samuel Johnson's Works.
Samuel Johnson manuscripts, editions of, Samuel Johnson books, dimension:Legacy, type:relation, date:2003, origin:Half of Samuel Johnson's surviving correspondence, together with some of Samuel Johnson manuscripts, editions of Samuel Johnson books, paintings and other items associated with Samuel Johnson are in the Donald and Mary Hyde Collection of Dr. Samuel Johnson, housed at Houghton Library at Oxford University since 2003.
Samuel Johnson, has, Gough Square house, dimension:Legacy, type:geography, date:1876, origin:A Royal Society of Arts blue plaque, unveiled in 1876, marks Samuel Johnson's Gough Square house.
