Waugh 's detachment, fictionalised, Waugh 's detachment own mental breakdown, dimension:Highlight, type:geography, date:the early 1950s, origin:Arthur Evelyn St. John Waugh's detachment was such that Waugh's detachment fictionalised Waugh's detachment own mental breakdown which occurred in the early 1950s.
Arthur Evelyn St. John Waugh, converted, after Arthur Evelyn St. John Waugh first marriage failed, dimension:Highlight, type:relation, date:1930, origin:Arthur Evelyn St. John Waugh converted to Catholicism in 1930 after Arthur Evelyn St. John Waugh first marriage failed.
Arthur Evelyn St. John Waugh, acquired following through, film versions of Arthur Evelyn St. John Waugh, dimension:Highlight, type:relation, date:1966, origin:After Arthur Evelyn St. John Waugh death in 1966, Arthur Evelyn St. John Waugh acquired a following of new readers through the film and television versions of Arthur Evelyn St. John Waugh works, such as the television serial Brideshead Revisited (1981).
Arthur Evelyn St. John Waugh, was, born on 28 October 1903 to Rev. Alexander Waugh into family with English, dimension:Family background, type:relation, date:28 October 1903, origin:Arthur Evelyn St. John Waugh was born on 28 October 1903 to the Rev. Alexander Waugh (1754每1827), into a family with English, Scottish, Welsh, Irish and Huguenot origins.
Alec Waugh, became, publishers of works of Charles Dickens, dimension:Family background, type:relation, date:1902, origin:In 1902 Alec Waugh became managing director of Chapman and Hall, publishers of the works of Charles Dickens.
Waugh family, birth were living West Hampstead at, Hillfield Road, dimension:Family background, type:geography, date:28 October 1903, origin:At the time of Alec Waugh birth the Waugh family were living in North London, at Hillfield Road, West Hampstead where, on 28 October 1903, the couple's second son was born, "in great haste before Dr Andrews could arrive", Catherine recorded.
Waugh family, left Hillfield Road close, Golders Green, dimension:Childhood, type:geography, date:1907, origin:In 1907, the Waugh family left Hillfield Road for Underhill, a house which Arthur had built in North End Road, Hampstead, close to Golders Green, then a semi-rural area of dairy farms, market gardens and bluebell woods.
Evelyn, were, In 1914 sometimes employed at War Office, dimension:Childhood, type:geography, date:1914, origin:In 1914, after the First World War began, Evelyn and other boys from the Boy Scout Troop of Heath Mount School were sometimes employed as messengers at the War Office; Evelyn loitered about the War Office in hope of glimpsing Lord Kitchener, but never did.
Evelyn aunts, is in, Somerset, dimension:Childhood, type:geography, date:many years later, origin:Family holidays usually were spent with the Evelyn aunts at Midsomer Norton in Somerset, in a house lit with oil lamps, a time that Evelyn recalled with delight, many years later.
Evelyn, established school magazine During, Evelyn last year at Heath Mount, dimension:Childhood, type:geography, date:last year, origin:During Evelyn last year at Heath Mount, Evelyn established and edited The Cynic school magazine.
Evelyn, achieved success at_time, later years at Lancing, dimension:Childhood, type:geography, date:Evelyn later years, origin:In Evelyn later years at Lancing, Evelyn achieved success as a house captain, editor of the school magazine and president of the debating society, and won numerous art and literature prizes.
Evelyn, left Lancing in, December 1921, dimension:Childhood, type:geography, date:December 1921, origin:Evelyn ended Evelyn schooldays by winning a scholarship to read Modern History at Hertford College, OxfordOxford, and left Lancing in December 1921.
Evelyn 's dissipated lifestyle, continued into, Evelyn final Oxford year 1924, dimension:Oxford, type:geography, date:Oxford year, 1924, origin:Evelyn's dissipated lifestyle continued into Evelyn final Oxford year, 1924.
Evelyn, spent, much of rest of summer in company of Alastair Graham, dimension:Oxford, type:relation, date:the summer, origin:Evelyn spent much of the rest of the summer in the company of Alastair Graham; after Alastair Graham departed for Kenya, Evelyn enrolled for the autumn at a London art school, Heatherley's.
Evelyn, Almost once secured, boys ' preparatory school in North Wales beginning in January 1925, dimension:Early career, type:geography, date:January 1925, origin:Almost at once, Evelyn secured a post at Arnold House, a boys' preparatory school in North Wales, beginning in January 1925.
Evelyn 's outlook, briefly improved with, prospect of job in Pisa as secretary to Scottish writer, dimension:Early career, type:geography, date:the summer of 1925, origin:In the summer of 1925, Evelyn's outlook briefly improved, with the prospect of a job in Pisa, Italy, as secretary to the Scottish writer C. K. Scott Moncrieff, who was engaged on the English translations of Marcel Proust's works.
Evelyn Gardner, became despite, opposition of Lady Burghclere, dimension:Early career, type:relation, date:December 1927, origin:In December 1927, Evelyn and Evelyn Gardner became engaged, despite the opposition of Lady Burghclere, who felt that Evelyn lacked moral fibre and kept unsuitable company.
Evelyn, was, at time dependent on 4 a-week allowance from Evelyn father, dimension:Early career, type:geography, date:4-a-week, origin:Evelyn was at this time dependent on a ㏒4-a-week allowance from Evelyn father and the small sums Evelyn could earn from book reviewing and journalism.
Evelyn, began, practice of staying at various houses of Evelyn friends, dimension:Novelist and journalist, type:geography, date:the next eight years, origin:During this period Evelyn began the practice of staying at the various houses of Evelyn friends; Evelyn was to have no settled home for the next eight years.
Evelyn, was, On 29 September 1930 received into St Paul 's Church, dimension:Novelist and journalist, type:geography, date:29 September 1930, origin:On 29 September 1930, Evelyn was received into St Paul's Church.
Evelyn, was, Throughout period influenced by Evelyn friend Olivia Plunket Greene, dimension:Novelist and journalist, type:geography, date:1925, origin:Throughout the period, Evelyn was influenced by Evelyn friend Olivia Plunket-Greene, who had converted in 1925 and of whom Evelyn later wrote, "a Father Underhill bullied me into St Paul's Church".
Evelyn 's next extended trip, was to, in winter British Guiana in South America, dimension:Novelist and journalist, type:geography, date:winter, origin:Evelyn's next extended trip, in the winter of 1932每1933, was to British Guiana (now Guyana) in South America, possibly taken to distract British Guiana (now Guyana) in South America from a long and unrequited passion for the socialite Teresa Jungman.
Evelyn, defended Cardinal Francis Bourne in, open letter to Archbishop of Westminster, dimension:Novelist and journalist, type:relation, date:1980, origin:Evelyn defended Evelyn in an open letter to the Archbishop of Westminster, Cardinal Francis Bourne, which remained unpublished until 1980.
Evelyn, went on, expedition to Spitsbergen in Arctic, dimension:Novelist and journalist, type:geography, date:the summer of 1934, origin:In the summer of 1934, Evelyn went on an expedition to Spitsbergen in the Arctic, an experience Evelyn did not enjoy and of which Evelyn made minimal literary use.
Evelyn, returned to, Abyssinia, dimension:Novelist and journalist, type:geography, date:August 1935, origin:Evelyn returned to Abyssinia in August 1935 to report the opening stages of the Second Italo-Abyssinian War for the Daily Mail.
Evelyn, wrote up Evelyn Abyssinian experiences in, Evelyn in Abyssinia, dimension:Novelist and journalist, type:geography, date:1936, origin:Evelyn wrote up Evelyn Abyssinian experiences in a book, Evelyn in Abyssinia (1936), which Rose Macaulay dismissed as a "fascist tract", on account of Rose Macaulay pro-Italian tone.
Evelyn, now was introduced Madresfield Court to, girls, dimension:Novelist and journalist, type:geography, date:Evelyn years, origin:Evelyn had known Hugh Patrick Lygon at Oxford; now Evelyn was introduced to the girls and their country house, Madresfield Court, which became the closest that Evelyn had to a home during Evelyn years of wandering.
Evelyn, was, In 1933 on Greek islands cruise introduced by Father D'Arcy to Gabriel Herbert, dimension:Novelist and journalist, type:relation, date:1933, origin:In 1933, on a Greek islands cruise, Evelyn was introduced by Father D'Arcy to Gabriel Herbert, eldest daughter of the late explorer Aubrey Herbert.
1938 Evelyn, is with, Laura, dimension:Novelist and journalist, type:relation, date:August 1938, origin:In August 1938 Evelyn, with Laura, made a three-month trip to Mexico after which he wrote Robbery Under Law, based on he experiences there.
Evelyn, moved Evelyn family in, Herbert family 's country seat, dimension:Second World War, type:relation, date:1 September 1939, origin:Evelyn left Piers Court on 1 September 1939, at the outbreak of the Second World War and moved Evelyn young family to Pixton Park in Somerset, the Herbert family's country seat, while Evelyn sought military employment.
Waugh 's daily training routine, left Evelyn with, so stiff, dimension:Second World War, type:geography, date:daily, origin:Evelyn never completed the novel: fragments were eventually published as Work Suspended and Other Stories (1943).Waugh's daily training routine left Evelyn with "so stiff a spine that Evelyn found it painful even to pick up a pen".
Evelyn, was, until in May 1942 transferred to Royal Horse Guards on Colonel, dimension:Second World War, type:geography, date:May 1942, origin:Back in Britain, more training and waiting followed until, in May 1942, Evelyn was transferred to the Royal Horse Guards, on Colonel (later Brigadier)
Waugh, extend leave, Evelyn, dimension:Second World War, type:geography, date:1945, origin:The result was Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred & Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder (1945), the first of Evelyn explicitly Catholic novels of which the biographer Douglas Lane Patey commented that it was "the book that seemed to confirm Evelyn new sense of Evelyn writerly vocation".Waugh managed to extend Evelyn leave until June 1944.
Evelyn, returned After, spells in Dubrovnik, dimension:Second World War, type:geography, date:15 March 1945, origin:After spells in Dubrovnik and Rome, Evelyn returned to London on 15 March 1945 to present Evelyn report, which the Foreign Office suppressed to maintain good relations with Tito, now the leader of YugoslaviaYugoslavia.
Evelyn, witness exhibition before, burial of remains of 16th century Jesuit missionary priest Francis Xavier, dimension:Postwar, type:relation, date:1951, origin:In 1951 Evelyn visited the Holy Land with Evelyn future biographer, Christopher Sykes, and in 1953, Evelyn travelled to Goa to witness the final exhibition before burial of the remains of the 16th-century Jesuit missionary-priest Francis Xavier.
Evelyn, agree, interviewed on BBC radio, dimension:Postwar, type:geography, date:November 1953, origin:Shortage of cash led Evelyn to agree in November 1953 to be interviewed on BBC radio, where the panel took an aggressive line: "Shortage of cash tried to make a fool of Evelyn, and I don't think Shortage of cash entirely succeeded", Evelyn wrote to Nancy Mitford.
Evelyn, has, doctors concerned by Evelyn physical deterioration, dimension:Postwar, type:geography, date:1954, origin:Peter Fleming in The Spectator likened the interview to "the goading of a bull by matadors".Early in 1954, Evelyn's doctors, concerned by Evelyn physical deterioration, advised a change of scene.
Evelyn, avenged, Spain, dimension:Postwar, type:geography, date:January 1957, origin:In January 1957, Evelyn avenged the Spain每Noel-Buxton intrusion by winning libel damages from the Express and Spain.
Evelyn 's next major book, was biography of, Evelyn longtime friend Ronald Knox, dimension:Postwar, type:relation, date:August 1957, origin:Evelyn's next major book was a biography of Evelyn longtime friend Ronald Knox, the Catholic writer and theologian who had died in August 1957.
Evelyn, restrained, Evelyn instinctive hostility, dimension:Postwar, type:relation, date:26 June 1960, origin:an interview on BBC Television was broadcast on 26 June 1960; according to John Freeman biographer Selina Hastings, Evelyn restrained Evelyn instinctive hostility and coolly answered the questions put to Evelyn by John Freeman, assuming what John Freeman describes as a "pose of world-weary boredom".In 1960, Evelyn was offered the honour of a CBE but declined, believing that Evelyn should have been given the superior status of a knighthood.
Evelyn, produced Evelyn travel book In, September, dimension:Postwar, type:geography, date:January每March 1959, origin:In September, Evelyn produced Evelyn final travel book, A Tourist in Africa, based on a visit made in January每March 1959.
Evelyn, had welcomed, accession in 1958 of Pope John XXIII, dimension:Postwar, type:relation, date:1958, origin:Evelyn had welcomed the accession in 1958 of Pope John XXIII and wrote an appreciative tribute on the pope's death in 1963.
Evelyn, However became by, decisions emerging from Second Vatican Council, dimension:Postwar, type:geography, date:October 1962, origin:However, Evelyn became increasingly concerned by the decisions emerging from the Second Vatican Council, which was convened by Pope John in October 1962 and continued under Evelyn successor, Pope Paul VI, until 1965.
Evelyn, argued case In, Spectator article of 23 November 1962, dimension:Postwar, type:geography, date:November 1962, origin:In a Spectator article of 23 November 1962, Evelyn argued the case against change in a manner described by a later commentator as "sharp-edged reasonableness".
Evelyn, attending Mass in, neighbouring village with members of Evelyn family, dimension:Postwar, type:geography, date:10 April 1966, origin:On Easter Day, 10 April 1966, after attending a Latin Mass in a neighbouring village with members of Evelyn family, Evelyn died of heart failure at Evelyn Combe Florey home, at 62.
Evelyn, 's son is, Auberon, dimension:Character and opinions, type:relation, date:2009, origin:Evelyn's son, Auberon, said that the force of his father's personality was such that, despite his lack of height, "generals and chancellors of the exchequer, six-foot-six and exuding self-importance from every pore, quail[ed] in front of him".In the biographic Mad World (2009), Paula Byrne said that the common view of Evelyn Waugh as a "snobbish misanthrope" is a caricature; Paula Byrne asks: "Why would a man, who was so unpleasant, be so beloved by such a wide circle of friends?
Evelyn, named Augustus Egg in, radio interview, dimension:Character and opinions, type:relation, date:1953, origin:In 1953, in a radio interview, Evelyn named Augustus Egg (1816每1863) as a painter for whom Evelyn had particular esteem.
Evelyn, said In, LIFE magazine article, dimension:Works, type:geography, date:1946, origin:In the LIFE magazine article "Fan Fare" (1946), Evelyn said that "you can only leave God out [of fiction] by making your characters pure abstractions" and that Evelyn future novels shall be "the attempt to represent man more fully which, to me, means only one thing, man in Evelyn relation to God.
Evelyn, was destined, to dazzling figure of Evelyn age, dimension:Works, type:geography, date:two years later, origin:The critical reception of Vile Bodies two years later was even more enthusiastic, with Rebecca West predicting that Evelyn was "destined to be the dazzling figure of Evelyn age".
Evelyn 's inclination, affected, Waugh 's powers standing with general reading public, dimension:Works, type:geography, date:the latter 1930s, origin:In the latter 1930s, Evelyn's inclination to Catholic and conservative polemics affected Waugh's powers standing with the general reading public.
