Koechlin, draw praise for, Koechlin performances in independent films including comedy drama Waiting, dimension:Highlight, type:geography, date:2013, origin:Koechlin's continued association with such commercial films as the supernatural thriller Ek Thi Daayan (2013) and the musical drama Gully Boy (2019) sustained Koechlin success, as Koechlin continued to draw praise for Koechlin performances in independent films, including the comedy drama Waiting (2015) and the slice of life film Ribbon (2017).
Koechlin, made transition Beginning, Beginning late 2010s, dimension:Highlight, type:geography, date:late 2010s, origin:Beginning in late 2010s, Koechlin made a transition to web content and appeared in a spate of successful web series.
Koechlin, drew praise for, Koechlin portrayal of lonely socialite in, dimension:Highlight, type:geography, date:2019, origin:Koechlin drew particular praise for Koechlin portrayal of a lonely socialite in Prime Video's Made in Heaven and a self-styled godwoman in Netflix's Sacred Games (both 2019).
Koechlin, made Koechlin debut with, tragicomedy Living Room, dimension:Highlight, type:geography, date:2009, origin:Koechlin co-wrote the drama Skeleton Woman (2009), which won Koechlin The MetroPlus Playwright Award, and made Koechlin directorial debut on stage with the tragicomedy Living Room (2015).
Koechlin, was, born in Pondicherry on 10 January 1982 to French parents, dimension:Early life and background, type:geography, date:10 January 1982, origin:Koechlin was born in Pondicherry, India, on 10 January 1982 to French parents, Jo?l Koechlin and Fran?oise Armandie, who came to India from Angers, France.
Koechlin, moved, After completing Koechlin schooling at age of 18, dimension:Early life and background, type:relation, date:the age of 18, origin:After completing Koechlin schooling at the age of 18, Koechlin moved to London and studied drama and theatre at Goldsmiths, University of London.
Koechlin, had, garnering widespread recognition for Koechlin performances in them, dimension:Film career, type:geography, date:2011, origin:After facing some early struggle for film roles, Koechlin had four releases in 2011, garnering widespread recognition for Koechlin performances in them.
Koechlin 's final release, was, Sanjay Leela Bhansali produced comedy, dimension:Film career, type:geography, date:the year, origin:Koechlin's final release of the year was the Sanjay Leela Bhansali-produced comedy My Friend Pinto.
Koechlin 's continued association, sustained Koechlin success as, seen in varying degrees with both, dimension:Film career, type:geography, date:2013, origin:Koechlin's continued association with commercial films sustained Koechlin success as seen, in varying degrees, with both of Koechlin 2013 releases, the supernatural thriller Ek Thi Daayan and the comedy drama Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani.
Koechlin, acknowledged In, interview with Times of India, dimension:Film career, type:geography, date:six months, origin:In an interview with The Times of India, Koechlin acknowledged that the role was the most challenging of Shonali Bose's film career, and Shonali Bose's took six months off Shonali Bose's filming schedule to prepare for it.
Koechlin, was invited, to part of jury presided by Hungarian director B¨¦la Tarr at 2014 Toronto International Film Festival, dimension:Film career, type:relation, date:2014, origin:Koechlin was invited to be a part of the jury presided by Hungarian director B¨¦la Tarr, at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival.
Koechlin, starred alongside, Ranveer Singh, dimension:Film career, type:relation, date:2019, origin:In 2019, Koechlin starred alongside Ranveer Singh and Alia Bhatt in the drama Gully Boy.
Koechlin, has continued During, NDTV film critic Saibal Chatterjee years in film industry, dimension:Other works, type:relation, date:years, origin:During NDTV film critic Saibal Chatterjee years in the film industry, Koechlin has continued to participate in theatrical productions.
Koechlin, founded NDTV film critic Saibal Chatterjee theater production company in, June 2015, dimension:Other works, type:relation, date:June 2015.Koechlin, origin:Koechlin founded NDTV film critic Saibal Chatterjee own theater production company, Little Productions in June 2015.Koechlin won The Hindu's 2009 The MetroPlus Playwright Award along with Prashant Prakash for the play Skeleton Woman which they co-wrote, directed by Nayantara Kotian.
Koechlin, made, Ajay Krishnan 's directorial debut, dimension:Other works, type:relation, date:2015, origin:Koechlin made Ajay Krishnan's directorial debut on stage with the 2015 play Living Room.
Koechlin, appeared in, 2012 PETA advertisement campaign, dimension:Other works, type:geography, date:2012, origin:Koechlin is also a supporter of animal rights, and appeared in a 2012 PETA advertisement campaign encouraging the adoption of stray cats and dogs.
Koechlin, was featured on, March 2015 cover of Bombay Dost, dimension:Other works, type:geography, date:March 2015, origin:Koechlin was featured on the March 2015 cover of Bombay Dost, India's first gay magazine.
Koechlin, has also sporadically recited Piece on, such events as International Women 's Day special at India Today Conclave in March 2014, dimension:Other works, type:geography, date:March 2014, origin:Koechlin has also sporadically recited An Intense Piece about the Truths of Womanhood, a soliloquy, on such events as the International Women's Day special at the India Today Conclave in March 2014 and the 2016 Kalyani Nagar meeting of the FICCI Ladies Organisation.
Koechlin, was, member of jury at 2016 National Youth Poetry Slam held in Bangalore, dimension:Other works, type:geography, date:2016, origin:Koechlin was a member of the jury at the 2016 National Youth Poetry Slam, held in Bangalore.
Koechlin, starred Printing Machine as, part of Culture Machine 's video series Unblushed, dimension:Other works, type:relation, date:2016, origin:Koechlin starred in a 2016 video, entitled Printing Machine that talked about the approach of media and society towards crimes against women, as a part of Culture Machine's video series "Unblushed".
Koechlin, married film maker Anurag Kashyap at, Koechlin maternal home in Ooty, dimension:Personal life, type:relation, date:April 2011, origin:Koechlin married film-maker Anurag Kashyap in April 2011, at Koechlin maternal home in Ooty.
Koechlin, filed at, Mumbai family court, dimension:Personal life, type:geography, date:19 May 2015, origin:On 19 May 2015, Koechlin and Kashyap filed for divorce at a Mumbai family court.
Koechlin, regretted, so transparent about Koechlin personal life, dimension:Personal life, type:geography, date:2012, origin:Amidst all the news and speculation surrounding the separation, Koechlin revealed that Koechlin regretted being so transparent about Koechlin personal life, stating in 2012, "It just takes centre stage instead of your work".
Koechlin, confirmed, Koechlin pregnancy with Koechlin boyfriend, dimension:Personal life, type:relation, date:30 September 2019, origin:On 30 September 2019, Koechlin confirmed Koechlin pregnancy with Koechlin boyfriend, Guy Hershberg, an Israeli musician.
Koechlin, always stayed ahead with, Koechlin powerful performances, dimension:Media image, type:geography, date:The Week, origin:Another editorial in The Week stated that with Koechlin powerful performances, and by voicing Koechlin opinions, Koechlin "has always stayed ahead of Koechlin contemporaries in the industry".Following Koechlin portrayal of such characters as those in Dev.
Koechlin, has, has part of numerous fashion shows including Lakme Fashion Week, dimension:Media image, type:geography, date:annual, origin:Koechlin has been a part of numerous fashion shows, including the Lakme Fashion Week, India International Jewellery Week, and Mijwan Fashion Show (Shabana Azmi's annual fund raiser).
Koechlin, was, also brand ambassador of Cinema aimed at creating awareness about disability issues at, dimension:Media image, type:geography, date:November 2015, origin:Koechlin was also the brand ambassador of the "Cinema For Care" section, aimed at creating awareness about disability issues at the All Lights India International Film Festival (ALIIFF) held in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala in November 2015.
