Cooper, made Cooper film debut in, comedy Wet Hot American Summer 2001, dimension:Highlight, type:relation, date:2001, origin:Cooper made Cooper film debut in the comedy Wet Hot American Summer (2001).
Cooper, has, portrayal of struggling writer in thriller Limitless, dimension:Highlight, type:geography, date:2011, origin:Cooper's portrayal of a struggling writer in the thriller Limitless (2011) and a rookie police officer in the crime drama
Cooper, was, For Cooper work in films nominated for four Academy Awards becoming, dimension:Highlight, type:relation, date:three consecutive years, origin:For Cooper work in these films, Cooper was nominated for four Academy Awards, becoming the tenth actor to receive an Oscar nomination in three consecutive years.
Cooper, portrayed Joseph Merrick in, Broadway revival of Elephant Man, dimension:Highlight, type:relation, date:2014, origin:In 2014, Cooper portrayed Joseph Merrick in a Broadway revival of The Elephant Man, garnering a nomination for the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play, and began voicing Rocket Raccoon in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Cooper, attended Villanova University before, transferring to Georgetown University, dimension:Early life =Cooper Cooper was born on January 5, 1975, in Abington Township, near  Philadelphia, and grew up in the nearby communities of Jenkintown and Rydal. Cooper mother, Gloria (n¨¦e Campano), worked for the local NBC affiliate. Cooper father, Charles Cooper, worked as a stockbroker for Merrill Lynch. His father, Charles Cooper was of Irish descent, while His father, Charles Cooper mother is of Italian ancestry (from Abruzzo and Naples). His father, Charles Cooper has an older sister, Holly. His father, Charles Cooper had cholesteatoma in His father, Charles Cooper ear soon after His father, Charles Cooper birth, and punctured His father, Charles Cooper eardrum when His father, Charles Cooper started diving at an early a, type:geography, date:1993, origin:After graduating from high school in 1993, Cooper attended Villanova University for one year before transferring to Georgetown University, where Cooper majored in English and minored in French.
Cooper, graduated with, Bachelor of Arts degree, dimension:Early life =Cooper Cooper was born on January 5, 1975, in Abington Township, near  Philadelphia, and grew up in the nearby communities of Jenkintown and Rydal. Cooper mother, Gloria (n¨¦e Campano), worked for the local NBC affiliate. Cooper father, Charles Cooper, worked as a stockbroker for Merrill Lynch. His father, Charles Cooper was of Irish descent, while His father, Charles Cooper mother is of Italian ancestry (from Abruzzo and Naples). His father, Charles Cooper has an older sister, Holly. His father, Charles Cooper had cholesteatoma in His father, Charles Cooper ear soon after His father, Charles Cooper birth, and punctured His father, Charles Cooper eardrum when His father, Charles Cooper started diving at an early a, type:geography, date:1997, origin:Cooper graduated with honors from Georgetown in 1997 with a Bachelor of Arts degree.
Cooper, reprised, role in film 's prequel Wet Hot American Summer, dimension:Career, type:relation, date:2015, origin:Cooper reprised the role in the film's prequel Wet Hot American Summer: First Day of Camp (2015), an eight-episode Netflix series.
Cooper 's career prospects, improved with, more prominent role in David Dobkin directed comedy Wedding Crashers alongside Owen Wilson, dimension:Career, type:relation, date:2005, origin:Cooper's career prospects improved with a more prominent role in the David Dobkin-directed comedy Wedding Crashers (2005) alongside Owen Wilson, Vince Vaughn and Rachel McAdams.
Cooper, starred on, Broadway with Julia Roberts, dimension:Career, type:relation, date:March 2006, origin:In March 2006, Cooper starred as Pip/Theo in Three Days of Rain on Broadway with Julia Roberts and Paul Rudd.
Cooper, appeared in, ensemble romantic comedy Valentine 's Day, dimension:Career, type:relation, date:2010, origin:Following a role in one of eleven segments of the anthology film New York, I Love You (2009), Cooper appeared in the ensemble romantic comedy Valentine's Day (2010), directed by Garry Marshall, co-starring with Julia Roberts.
Cooper, reprised Cooper role in, third installment of Hangover trilogy, dimension:Career, type:geography, date:2013, origin:In 2013, Cooper reprised Cooper role as Phil Wenneck in the third and final installment of The Hangover trilogy, The Hangover Part III, which was poorly reviewed by critics.
Cooper, provided voice in, Marvel Studios film Guardians of Galaxy, dimension:Career, type:geography, date:2014, origin:In 2014, Cooper provided the voice of Rocket Raccoon in the Marvel Studios film Guardians of the Galaxy.
Cooper, Also co-produced as, United States Navy SEAL sniper Chris Kyle in American Sniper, dimension:Career, type:relation, date:2014, origin:Also in 2014, Cooper co-produced and starred as United States Navy SEAL sniper Chris Kyle in American Sniper¡ª
Cooper, receive, Academy Award nomination for acting in three consecutive years, dimension:Career, type:geography, date:three consecutive years, origin:With these nominations, Cooper became the tenth actor in history to receive an Academy Award nomination for acting in three consecutive years.
Cooper, had, voice cameo in thriller 10 Cloverfield Lane, dimension:Career, type:relation, date:2016, origin:In 2016, Cooper had a voice cameo in the thriller 10 Cloverfield Lane, and played a supporting part in War Dogs, co-produced under Cooper and Todd Phillips's production company Joint Effort.
Cooper, again voiced, Rocket Raccoon in Guardians of Galaxy Vol, dimension:Career, type:relation, date:2017, origin:In 2017, Cooper again voiced Rocket Raccoon, in Guardians of the Galaxy Vol.
Cooper, received National Board Award for, Best Actor in Drama, dimension:Career, type:geography, date:September, origin:The record's lead single, "Shallow", was released that September and reached number one in the US, Australia, Ireland, Switzerland and the UK.For the film, Cooper received a National Board of Review Award for Best Director and two Golden Globe nominations, for Best Actor in a Drama and Best Director.
Cooper, next reunited crime film with, Clint Eastwood, dimension:Career, type:relation, date:2018, origin:Cooper next reunited with Clint Eastwood in The Mule (2018), a crime film based on the life of World War II veteran Leo Sharp in which Cooper played a DEA agent.
Cooper, co-produced, Todd Phillips 's psychological thriller Joker, dimension:Career, type:relation, date:2019, origin:In 2019, Cooper co-produced Todd Phillips's psychological thriller Joker, starring Joaquin Phoenix.
Cooper, is set, to appear in Guardians of Galaxy Volthe Galaxy Vol, dimension:Career, type:relation, date:2019, origin:Cooper also returned as Rocket in Avengers: Endgame (2019) and is set to appear in Guardians of the Galaxy Volthe Galaxy Vol.
Relationships Cooper, became, engaged to actress Jennifer Esposito, dimension:Personal life, type:relation, date:October 2006, origin:Relationships Cooper became engaged to actress Jennifer Esposito in October 2006, and Cooper married that December.
Cooper marriage, met while, Ren¨¦e Zellweger, dimension:Personal life, type:relation, date:2006, origin:Cooper marriage to actress Jennifer Esposito, Cooper met Ren¨¦e Zellweger while filming Case 39 in 2006.
Cooper, dated actress Zoe Saldana from, December 2011, dimension:Personal life, type:relation, date:December 2011, origin:Cooper dated actress Zoe Saldana from December 2011 to January 2013.
Cooper, was in, relationship with Russian model Irina Shayk from April 2015 to June 2019, dimension:Personal life, type:relation, date:April 2015 to June 2019, origin:Cooper was in a relationship with Russian model Irina Shayk from April 2015 to June 2019.
Cooper, appeared in, AskMen 's 49 most influential men, dimension:Media image and other work, type:geography, date:2011, origin:Also in 2011, Cooper was dubbed International Man of the Year by GQ and appeared in AskMen's 49 most influential men.
Cooper, ranked tenth on, Empire 's list of 100 Sexiest Movie Stars, dimension:Media image and other work, type:geography, date:2013, origin:Cooper ranked tenth on Empire's list of the 100 Sexiest Movie Stars in 2013.
Cooper, joined board for, charity Hole in Wall Gang Camp, dimension:Media image and other work, type:relation, date:June 2014, origin:In June 2014, Cooper joined the board of directors for the charity Hole in the Wall Gang Camp, a non-profit organization that serves people coping with Cancer.
Cooper, participated in, launch of Parker Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy, dimension:Media image and other work, type:geography, date:April 2016, origin:In April 2016, Cooper participated in the launch of the Parker Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy that works for cancer patients.
Cooper, served as, executive producer for Stand to Cancer 's Fifth Biennial Telecast, dimension:Media image and other work, type:geography, date:September, origin:Cooper served as an executive producer for Stand Up to Cancer's Fifth Biennial Telecast, a primetime fundraising special that aired in September.
Cooper, took part in, Alzheimer 's Association campaign, dimension:Media image and other work, type:geography, date:2009, origin:In 2009, Cooper took part in an Alzheimer's Association campaign that aimed to increase awareness about Alzheimer's disease.
Cooper, spoke at, National Geographic Society, dimension:Media image and other work, type:geography, date:2015, origin:In 2015, Cooper spoke at The National Geographic Society for the group
