Vidya 's film debut, came with, drama directed by Goutam Halder, dimension:Career, type:relation, date:2003, origin:Vidya's film debut came with the Bengali film Bhalo Theko (2003), a drama directed by Goutam Halder.
Vidya, auditioned for, lead role in Vidya directorial venture, dimension:Career, type:geography, date:2005, origin:On Pradeep Sarkar's recommendation, Vidya auditioned for the lead role in Vidya directorial venture¡ªthe Hindi film Parineeta (2005).
Vidya, starred, opposite Sanjay Dutt in Rajkumar Hirani 's comedy film, dimension:Career, type:relation, date:2006, origin:, Vidya starred opposite Sanjay Dutt in Rajkumar Hirani's comedy film Lage Raho Munna Bhai (2006).
Vidya, next teamed once again in, comedy horror film from Priyadarshan, dimension:Career, type:geography, date:1993, origin:Vidya next teamed with Kumar once again in Bhool Bhulaiyaa, a comedy horror film from Priyadarshan, which served as a remake of the Malayalam film Manichitrathazhu (1993).
Vidya, described, Vidya, dimension:Career, type:geography, date:2005, origin:Vidya has said that the Hindi film Parineeta (2005)'s reception gave Vidya "courage to stick to my conviction".Vidya described Vidya next role, in Abhishek Chaubey's black comedy Ishqiya (2010), to be "an epitome of grey".
Vidya, Moreover spoke positively of, Vidya rapport with Mukerji, dimension:Career, type:geography, date:1993, origin:Moreover, Vidya spoke positively of Vidya rapport with Mukerji, noting the rarity of two leading ladies within the Malayalam film Manichitrathazhu (1993).
Vidya, made, guest appearance in Malayalam film Urumi, dimension:Career, type:career, date:the same year, origin:In the same year, Vidya made a guest appearance in the Malayalam film Urumi and a retrospective of Vidya films was held in Australia as part of the Bollywood and Beyond festival.
Vidya, began, 2014 with Shaadi Ke Side Effects, dimension:Career, type:relation, date:2014, origin:Vidya began 2014 with Shaadi Ke Side Effects, a romantic comedy about a married couple, in which Vidya was pitted opposite Farhan Akhtar.
Vidya, won, Vidya fifth Screen Award, dimension:Career, type:geography, date:that year, origin:NDTV listed Vidya performance as the best by a Hindi film actress that year, and Vidya won Vidya fifth Screen Award and fourth Filmfare Award for Best Actress.
Vidya, called, Hindi cinema 's highest grossing led film 's reception major confidence booster, dimension:Career, type:geography, date:2012, origin:It also proved to be Vidya's first commercial success since 2012; Vidya called Hindi cinema's highest-grossing female-led film's reception a "major confidence booster".
Vidya, expanded N.T.R with, roles in two part Telugu biopic, dimension:Career, type:relation, date:2019, origin:Vidya expanded into South Indian cinema in 2019, with roles in the two-part Telugu biopic, titled N.T.R:
Vidya practices vegetarianism, conducted by, PETA, dimension:Personal life and off-screen work, type:geography, date:2011, origin:Vidya practices vegetarianism and was listed as "India's hottest vegetarian" in polls conducted by PETA in 2011 and 2012.
Vidya weight fluctuations, have, have subject of substantial media coverage in India, dimension:Personal life and off-screen work, type:geography, date:the years, origin:Vidya weight fluctuations over the years have been the subject of substantial media coverage in India.
Vidya, endorsed, World Wildlife Fund 's Earth Hour campaign in India, dimension:Personal life and off-screen work, type:geography, date:March 2011, origin:In March 2011, Vidya endorsed World Wildlife Fund's Earth Hour campaign in India.
Vidya, served as, grand marshal of India Day parade held in New York City, dimension:Personal life and off-screen work, type:geography, date:2013, origin:In 2013, Vidya served as the grand marshal of the India Day parade held in New York City.
Vidya, launched, technology based learning platform for underprivileged children in Thanapur village of Uttar Pradesh, dimension:Personal life and off-screen work, type:geography, date:the same year, origin:In the same year, Vidya launched a technology-based learning platform for underprivileged children in the Thanapur village of Uttar Pradesh.
Vidya, wrote, opinion column in Hindustan Times on issues faced by women in India, dimension:Personal life and off-screen work, type:geography, date:2015, origin:On the occasion of International Women's Day in 2015, Vidya wrote an opinion column in Hindustan Times on the issues faced by women in India.
Vidya, was made, member of Indian Central Board of Film Certification, dimension:Personal life and off-screen work, type:geography, date:August 2017, origin:In August 2017, Vidya was made a member of the Indian Central Board of Film Certification, to certify films for theatrical exhibition.
Vidya, collaborated with, BIG FM, dimension:Personal life and off-screen work, type:geography, date:2019, origin:In 2019, Vidya collaborated with BIG FM 92.7 to host a radio show named "Dhun Badal Ke Toh Dekho".
Vidya, reducing Vidya to, supporting role in male dominated film industry, dimension:Media image and artistry, type:geography, date:2012, origin:it appears, that change could well originate from the leading lady instead."India Today featured Vidya in their 2012 listing of the nation's most powerful women and noted that "Vidya has toppled the all dominating hero, reducing Vidya to a supporting role in a male dominated film industry".
Vidya, was, featured by India in their annual Celebrity 100 list, dimension:Media image and artistry, type:geography, date:2012, origin:Vidya was featured by India in their annual Celebrity 100 list in 2012 and 2013.
Vidya, occupied slot in, Rediff.com 's annual listing of year 's best performances for two consecutive years, dimension:Media image and artistry, type:geography, date:annual, origin:Vidya occupied the top slot in Rediff.com's annual listing of the year's best performances for two consecutive years (2010¨C11).
Vidya, was awarded Padma Shri for, Vidya contributions to entertainment industry, dimension:Media image and artistry, type:relation, date:2014, origin:In 2014, Vidya was awarded the Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian award in India, for Vidya contributions to the entertainment industry.
