Zhang Guimei, founded, the Huaping High School for Girls, dimension:Highlight, type:career, data:August 2018, origin:In August 2008, Zhang founded the Huaping High School for Girls, a free high school so that poor girls living in the mountains can get an education.
Zhang, was born, into a family of ethnic Manchu minority group in Mudanjiang Heilongjiang, dimension:Early life, type:geography, data:15 June 1957, origin:Zhang was born into a family of ethnic Manchu minority group in Mudanjiang, Heilongjiang, on 15 June 1957.
Zhang's father, died, when Zhang was 17, dimension:Early life, type:relation, data:1974, origin:Zhang father died when Zhang was 17.
17-year-old Zhang Guimei, followed sister, to participate in the "Third Front" to Zhongdian County, dimension:Career in Yunan, type:geography, data:October 1974, origin:In October 1974, Zhang Guimei followed Zhang Guimei sister to participate in the "Third Front" to Zhongdian County (now Shangri-La City) in southwest China's Yunnan.
Zhang Guimei, entered, the workforce, dimension:Career in Yunan, type:geography, data:December of 1975, origin:In December of the next year, Zhang Guimei entered the workforce and became a staff member of Zhongdian County Forestry Bureau.
Zhang Guimei, moved, to the Forestry Children's School in Dali Bai Autonomous Prefecture, dimension:Career in Yunan, type:geography, data:1975, origin:Zhang Guimei moved to the Forestry Children's School in Dali Bai Autonomous Prefecture (now Xizhou No.1 High School) with her husband
Zhang's husband, was, diagnosed with advanced stomach cancer, dimension:Career in Yunan, type:relation, data:1993, origin: In 1993, her husband was diagnosed with advanced stomach cancer.
Zhang Guimei, decided to, leave the place, dimension:Career in Yunan, type:temporal, data:, origin:
Zhang Guimei, was, diagnosed with uterine fibroids, dimension:Career in Yunan, type:temporal, data:1996, origin:In the same year, Zhang Guimei was diagnosed with uterine fibroids.
Zhang, joined, the Communist Party of China, dimension:Career in Yunan, type:temporal, data:1998, origin:In April 1998, he joined the Communist Party of China.
Zhang, came across, "many girls that just disappeared before they finishing they studies", dimension:Principal of Huaping High School for Girls, type:career, data:2000, origin:When Zhang taught in Huaping County, Zhang Guimei came across "many girls that just disappeared before they finishing they studies".
Zhang Guimei, decided to, raise money for establishing a school, dimension:Principal of Huaping High School for Girls, type:career, data:between 2002 and 2007, origin:To raise money for establishing a school, between 2002 and 2007, Zhang spent the summer and winter vacations on the streets in the provincial capital city Kunming, asking people to donate. 
Zhang Guimei, became, a delegate to the 17th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, dimension:Principal of Huaping High School for Girls, type:career, data:2017, origin:In 2017, Zhang Guimei became a delegate to the 17th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
Zhang Guimei, founded, the Huaping High School for Girls, dimension:Principal of Huaping High School for Girls, type:career, data:August 2018, origin:In August 2008, Zhang founded the Huaping High School for Girls, a free high school so that poor girls living in the mountains can get an education.
Zhang Guimei, stipulated that, tuition and accommodation fees are all free, dimension:Principal of Huaping High School for Girls, type:career, data:2009, origin:Zhang Guimei stipulated that tuition and accommodation fees are all free.
Zhang, married, Dong Yuhan, dimension:Personal life, type:relation, data:1990, origin:In 1990, Zhang Guimei married Dong Yuhan, an ethnic Bai man.